Previous Visualization - 

The previous Visualization, puts forth my views on why MSIS @ SCU can is a good option to consider. 
I had considered several aspects of the course which included the tracks which the program offered, the projected job 
growth for MSIS graduates with the possible career paths and the skills that students from SCU MSIS possess, to give 
an idea about the program in general. Prospective students, when they look for a university, they are searching for the 
skill set which is required to meet the in demand skills of the market and what types possible career paths they might
have in the future down the line and their possible salaries. This I feel has done a decent job but it does not consider 
any metrics that can be used to compare the college with some other college.


Redesigned Visualization - 
In this visualization, I have tried to incorporate several metrics such as Ranking of a university, Student Teacher Ratio and 
the Acceptance Rate of the college in consideration. I have reasons as to why I had chosen the above metrics for comparison of 
the colleges. I had chosen ranking of the university to better have an idea of the infrastructure of the university, the level
of professors and even the level of the fellow students that study at the university. High ranking universities generally have 
a very good faculty set, good infrastructure and a possibly brilliant student population. I have also considered the student 
teacher ratio, this gives me an idea of how many people a class might have in the college. If a student is not comfortable 
with bigger classes and feels that it is better to have a class which has lower population, he could possible
have more attention from the professor and would be interested in doing more towards learning the subject. 
So, my chart will help me in deciding based on these things. The student teacher ratio is converted to a decimal, the higher the student teacher ratio is, the lesser the number of students per class. 
So, what happens when he finds universities which are similar or very good, in this example, Stanford has both a very good 
ranking and a very good ratio as well, so what should the student do?
Considering cases like these, I came up with the answer that acceptance ratio has to be taken into consideration to have a 
much clearer picture. The acceptance rate now will give a better view for the example stated above. 
The acceptance rate is very very low for Stanford although it has a good student teacher ratio and has the top spot in rankings, 
but when you consider Santa Clara, it meets all the metrics and has a better acceptance rate than Stanford, in this case.
